THE GOAL GAME IDEA
  	- If our engine ever reach the point to be able to do this. 
	10% is too MVG I think.

This is how it could be when having our show off for NV3.

Laurch game
	Player starts the game. Player joins predefined server lobby. 
	Chooses gender. Game leader starts the game when everyone joined.

Intro
	Player's camera travels through space passing stars and planets. 
	Heading for earth and zooms in and into landscape into an small 
	island with an village on into a characters eyes and from here 
	able to control the camera which shows the world from the 
	characters eyes. Standing with others on an opening.

	A NPC standing in front of them talking to them. Saying like now they
	going to start to learn fight. The NPC says they have to choose
	magic or physical weapons. Go train and when experienced come do a test. 
	Nearby is two NPC teachers and depending on which one players 
	choose to go to the class is chosen. One teacher is Magic and
	gets fireball and the other one is physical and gets sword. 
	The NPC teachers learn the players how to use their new weapons 
	with the help of bird scarers. The test is to destroy something
	like a barrel. Other players could laugh with some hotkey and 
	clap their hands too.

	When all done the tests everyone go to sleep. Players get dreaming
	like about all they done that day blurred. Suddenly they hear cracks
	and kinda awake from dream but fall in sleep. Then the door opens with
	a bang to their sleeping room and in comes some of the 3 NPC 
	screaming they are being attacked by monsters. The NPC go fighting 
	with monsters but. 2 NPC:s dies and one get wounded. All players have to fight
	and when all monsters are killed the wounded npc starts talking
	that the one who sent these monsters is living in a cave 
	nearby and points to it and says the players had to go and kill it. NPC dies.

	Players go to cave and kill the monster.
	When they come out from cave the sun is shining. Game ends.

Multiplayer
	If the whole NV3 is to be in the show off then maybe split it by two 
	and go into different computer rooms and have a battle against each other
	before the game ends on a meadow or something. The whole NV3 should be 
	in the same adventure.


Weapons
	Sword
	Right mouse points the sword forward making it be in the game world
	and able to block things. Left mouse attack.

	Fireball
	Holding left mouse is gathering energy and making a ball of fire in the hand
	releasing mouse left mouse button throws the fireball making it blow a bit
	where it hits.

